If a mad scientist abducted you and sowed
your mouth to another person’s anus, what
would you do?
Jesus christ, what have I gotten myself into.
There’s no way this video is monetized.
In this How to Beat video, we’ll follow
the American tourists, see if we can make
better decisions, and ultimately attempt to
beat the EVIL SURGEON in, THE HUMAN CENTIPEDE
(FIRST SEQUENCE).
Think you could do better, let us know in
the comments!
Enjoy these How To Beat videos?
Why not like and subscribe.
Have a movie you want me to cover?
Vote on my reddit page, link
in
the description.
If you guys want me to do the sequels, let
me know.
Alright, let’s take this evil fucker down.
We start out following a deranged man sitting
on the side of the highway, caressing a picture
of, as far as I can tell, a dog-centipede.
Totally normal behavior.
Moments later a panicked truck driver pulls
up behind him and rushes off into the bushes
to make a pit stop.
According to the director, the inspiration
for this movie came from a joke he made with
friends about punishing a child molester by
stitching his mouth to the anus of a fat truck
driver.
Which is exactly what I’d say to deflect
further inspection from my perverted psyche,
but it’s interesting that they chose to
add a truck driver into the movie.
Taco Tuesday was not kind to this fella, and
now he’s going to pay the ultimate price
for it.
Besides not eating questionable food before
a long haul, there’s not much this poor
truck driver could have done differently.
As a general point though, you should never
travel too far off the beaten path to use
one of nature’s dunnys.
Privacy be damned.
How many horror movies have you seen where
someone ventures out of their camp at night
to take a leak, and gets mauled.
A lot, right?
How many video games have you played where
you hid in the bushes and waited for some
dipshit to wander off by themselves so you
could slit their throat.
Probably too many to be good for your mental
health.
Being alone with your pants at your ankles
just makes you the perfect target for predators.
Again, not saying the truck driver did anything
wrong here, just wanted to make this point.
Our main protagonists are two ditzy American
tourists, Lindsay and Jenny.
Of course those are their names.
These two bimbos accepted an invite to a party
in the middle of nowhere by a random German
waiter they just met.
They obviously didn’t see the movie Taken.
Going to this ‘party’, which is likely
a honeypot for human traffickers, was a bad
idea to begin with, even if it was in an easily
found public location.
But the fact that this place is so remote
should be a massive red flag.
I mean, I guess they could have been invited
to a forest rave party or something..
Even then, they have no cell reception, they
are following a paper map, and they both know
they are ill-equipped to deal with any level
of adversity.
They should have headed back home as soon
as they left the urban areas.
It’s no surprise that they get lost, but
then to add accident to idiocy, they hit a
pothole and pop their tire.
Not that they have many options here, and
I think they ‘should’ ask the next person
they see for help, but I can’t help but
be suspicious of the first person that arrives
to help you minutes after you hit something.
Whatever, I'm probably just being paranoid.
I’m sure this guy will be helpful and call
some help for them or give them a lift into
town.
Okay, maybe wait for the next person.
They can’t be too far out.
There should be more cars coming by within
half an hour.
They just need to sit tight and not do anything
irrational.
They’re going to do something irrational,
aren’t they.
Yep.
They decide that in order to save themselves,
they need to start walking aimlessly through
the adjacent forest in their heels while it’s
thunderstorming.
You guys got lost when you had a map in front
of you, and now somehow think that you’ll
magically find your way without the map in
a dark rainy forest?
Why wouldn’t you at least walk alongside
the road where you’d actually have a chance
at coming across someone?
I can already tell I'm going to be rooting
for the psycho surgeon.
Yah, go ahead and stitch her up behind the
fat truck driver, actually, go ahead and put
her at the very end.
Cool, thanks.
They eventually find a house and start yelling
and banging on the backdoors and windows,
which is a great way to scare the hell out
of the homeowner and get you shot.
The homeowner opens up and asks if they are
alone, to which they answer, yes.
Wrong move, and a red flag.
The only reason he’d need to know if you
were alone is if he had sinister intentions
and wanted to make sure nobody would come
looking if something happened to you.
Well, maybe not the only reason.
He may be genuinely concerned if you had another
friend that needed help as well.
But considering the creepy look on his face,
I doubt it.
Lindsay and Jenny should just leave with the
bad vibes this dude’s giving off, or at
least said that their other friend was just
up the street by the car and knows they came
here.
The next mistake they made was to trust the
stranger to make the call for help instead
of using the phone themselves so they could
verify that someone knew where they were and
was on the way.
The final nail in their coffin was throwing
back the drinks some old single creepy looking
dude prepared by himself in the kitchen, when
they know he knows nobody knows where they
are, and they already had an encounter with
the creepy ‘good samaritans’ of this area.
I get that he’s an unhinged sociopath, but
bro, if you want to claim some prey maybe
chill out and stop yelling at the ladies.
As for Lindsay and Jenny.
Leave.
Now.
Especially since you’re suspiciously feeling
woozy all the sudden after sipping on the
cocktail he gave you.
Lindsay whispers to Jenny that they need to
get out of there right now, which they don’t
do.
Instead, Jenny gulps down every last drop
of the drink while Lindsay waits for the sociopath
to come back so she can naively request for
him to phone a Taxi.
Not the sharpest tools in the shed.
Heiter comes back, Jenny passes out, Lindsay
starts foaming at the mouth, and their last
chance to escape with their dignity intact
disappears forever.
The next morning Lindsays the first to wake
up and come to grips with how badly they fucked
up.
You never want to wake up in a hospital bed,
but you ‘never’ want to wake up in a hospital
bed in someone’s basement.
Needless to say, they need to get the fuck
out of there ASAP.
Luckily Heiter’s not present.
He might be out of the house or he might be
upstairs.
Either way, it’s best to stay quiet, let
him think you’re still sedated, and use
this opportunity to attempt an escape.
For that reason, Lindsay shouldn’t wake
Jenny up yet because she’ll just start freaking
out and screaming.
It looks like he secured them with non-locking
leather restraints around their limbs, which
weren’t sufficiently spaced apart to prevent
torso and head movement.
Absolute rookie mistake.
There’s so many proven effective restraint
setups out there, and this guy uses the absolute
worst one possible.
All Lindsay needs to do is use her mouth to
unbuckle the restraint and she’s free.
But no, ineffectually squirming and waking
up her brainless friend is definitely a better
idea.
Jenny’s yelping brings Heiter’s attention,
ruining their chance of escaping yet again.
Heiter then compares their blood types, and
concludes that the truck driver’s doesn’t
match so he needs to euthanize him and find
a replacement.
Gotta make sure the blood and tissues match
when conjoining three people together ATM-style,
because longevity is really what the goal
is here.
The shining silver lining of the truck driver's
untimely death is that it buys the girls some
time before Heiter finds a replacement for
whatever sadistic shit he’s planning.
They don’t show it here, but later in the
movie Heiter injects them with sedatives when
he leaves.
He probably did that here too, so Lindsay
and Jenny wouldn’t be able to undo the shackles
and escape.
Heiter leaves them to go bury the truck driver
in his backyard in broad daylight with the
corpse in an unzipped plastic body bag.
Bro, could you not wait until nighttime, or
chop him up and put him in black hefty bags
instead of an obvious looking body bag?
I wonder if YouTube will play Hefty trash
bag ads on this video now.
Then he drags a new victim in through his
front door, again, in broad daylight with
the murder weapon on the roof of the car.
I get that he lives in a secluded area, but
still, why take the risk.
After securing the Japanese tourist on a gurney
he wakes them up and gives them the projector
presentation outlining how he’s going to
connect them together via the gastric system,
creating a human centipede of sorts.
There’s no point in telling them this ahead
of time, but he’s a sick fuck and probably
gets off on it.
He’s now going to put them under general
anesthesia in preparation for their surgery,
starting with the Japanese tourist.
Now is your absolute last chance to fight
and pull something off before your life is
forever fucked.
Lindsay wises up and unshackles herself while
Heiter is distracted with Katsuro.
She makes a conscious decision to leave her
friend behind and run for the exits, but they’re
all locked.
Of course this guy has his house setup so
that people can’t get out.
Heiter is like a far more depraved version
of Alex from the movie Tau.
She locks herself in his bedroom which stalls
him for now, but she needs to at least grab
a weapon so she has a chance if it comes to
a hand to hand fight.
Wow, Heiter really has a picture of his dog
centipede thing next to his bed.
Instead of pleading for your life to the psychopath
who gets off on people pleading for their
life, how about you go over to the phone next
to his bed and call 112, which is the 911
equivalent for Americans.
Which you should know if you’re visiting
other countries.
She tries to make an escape out the back window,
but Heiter’s one step ahead of her, and
he has his tranq rifle.
Without knowing the layout of the place and
Heiter right behind her, it’s understandable
that she’d accidentally run into a dead
end like the indoor pool.
It’s also understandable that you’d lose
your coordination when under extreme stress
like this and trip into the pool like she
did.
I know we all would like to think we’d Jason
Bourne this motherfucker when he stepped through
the doorway, but real talk, no.
Lindsay’s out of options here, if she gets
out of the pool she’ll get tranq’d.
Heiter tries to force her out by closing the
cover on his indoor pool, but for some reason
this causes a power failure.
I see no reason why he would have needed to
leave Lindsay to fix the power and let her
escape.
This was really stupid on his part.
Lindsay breaks out and makes it back to the
room she was previously in that had the window
broken.
That phone looks like a corded landline phone,
which should still work even with the power
out.
Picking up the phone to call for help apparently
never crosses her mind though.
This wide open window seems too easy, but
then again, why did he let her leave the pool
in the first place.
Maybe he isn’t as smart as he appears.
He could still be out there with a tranq rifle,
ready to dart her as soon as she exits.
The odds are in her favor though.
Dart guns, like the one Heiter’s using,
are single shot and take time to reload.
The darts are relatively low velocity, and
have a hard time puncturing thick clothing.
If she wrapped the bed sheet around herself
and ran for it, even if he was out there,
there’s a good chance he would miss or it
wouldn’t puncture her, at which point she
can leave the bedsheet and sprint for it.
Heiter’s home is not that isolated, if she
sprinted 100 yards in any direction she’d
probably run into someone.
She just needs to take care not to trip on
a branch and bop her head off a log.
Even if she did get hit and it punctured her
skin.
She’d still have maybe 3-5 minutes to run
for help before she lost a significant amount
of her coordination from the tranquilizer.
Lindsay hesitates, conflicted with her chance
to escape and not wanting to leave Jenny behind.
Going back for Jenny is a bad idea.
Both Jenny and Katsuro are under general anaesthetics
in the basement.
Heiter will be back soon, and there’s no
way she could drag them up the stairs and
haul them to safety in time.
She needs to secure her own escape first,
from there, it should only take 20 minutes
tops to bring the fuzz down on top of Heiter’s
operation.
If you did want to go back and try to carry
her out, the most effective way is to use
the ranger roll and firemen’s carry method.
Too much friction dragging her on the ground,
and way too slow.
She manages to get Jenny’s unconscious body
topside and out the window, but it’s taking
too long and she’s too loud.
I’d say a tranq round will hit her in the
back of the neck here any moment now.
Should have just ran and left Jenny.
And realistically, she still could since the
tranq will take a few minutes to kick in.
Of course he’d probably be able to run her
clumsy ass down anyway.
Lindsay and Jenny gave up every opportunity
to escape, and now they’re getting their
teeth removed, skin grafted, body parts dice
and sewed together with other humans, and
all kinds of other horrific shit.
Fun times.
Heiter then cheers to his successful completion
of the conjoinment procedure with a celebratory
drink, a photoshoot he can wank to later,
then puts the human centipede into a large
cage on the first floor of his house for some
dumb reason.
Escaping at this point is going to be..
Tough.
There’s no way to effectively coordinate
strategies or movements with the others while
they are conjoined.
They could potentially rip out the stitches
by pulling with their head and hands to separate
themselves, but their ligaments and tendons
in their knees were sliced so it’s not like
they could run anyways.
Heiter brings them outside to parade them
around the lawn like dogs.
I get his house may be secluded, but Lindsay
and Jenny stumbled into it.
It’s not that secluded.
He must not give a shit about being caught.
Can you imagine the rage inside you if someone
did this to you, desperately wanting to destroy
him, being so close but being completely unable
to do anything.
Katsuro does still have his arms intact.
If he gets close enough he could pull the
doc to the ground and choke him out.
That’s about their only option right now.
That night, Heiter threatens to cut their
vocal cords if they don't quit their moaning
because it’s disturbing his sleep.
Yah, it’s best to just shut up, you don’t
want to lose your vocal cords now when you
might need them to escape later.
The next morning he gives them a checkup.
Katsuro and Lindsay are surviving, but Jenny
doesn’t look too good.
Besides the massive infections she’s developing,
there’s no way anything nutritious is finding
its way back there, let alone enough water.
Jenny probably only has a couple days left.
Someone rings his landline, so Heiter picks
up the phone right outside his torture chamber
filled with moaning and screaming victims.
Smart.
Maybe you’d want to pick up one of the other
phones in the house to answer calls, or just
let them leave a message while you’re torturing
people.
It’s the police, letting him know that they
are at the front door and he needs to open
up.
Gee, it couldn’t be that they acquired evidence
pointing to him as a suspect in the recent
abductions with how inconspicuous he was.
The police obviously don’t have anything
substantial yet though, or they’d have barged
in already.
They also don’t seem to have heard any of
the screaming in the background.
Such amazing detectives.
Heiter leaves to go upstairs, leaving them
in the lab alone.
I bet there is a weapon in there they could
grab, like a scalpel.
Then all he needs to do is grab Heiter’s
leg and start shanking him in the femoral
artery enough to get him on the ground where
he can cut his throat.
The police start questioning him over the
missing people and empty cars in the area,
and his reply is...
The police had thought they hit a dead end,
but now it’s looking like they have a strong
suspect.
I mean, on the other hand, you wouldn’t
necessarily expect an abductor to be such
an asshole, because often it's the more unassuming
and charming ones that are the real danger.
Like Jack the Ripper, Ted Bundy, Alex in Tao,
or Trinity in Dexter.
If I was a detective, I'd be suspicious already.
Especially after seeing this cage.
Apparently the detectives got word that a
witness said she heard an American woman screaming
on his property and they also have evidence
that his Mercedez was at the place where the
dutch lorry where he killed the truck driver
was found.
Wouldn’t all this be grounds for a search
warrant?
Heiter realizes they are on to him, so he
offers them his infamous drink.
Yah, that’ll get the cops off your tail.
Two missing detectives and an empty cop car
in your driveway.
Drinking whatever a potential suspect gives
you has to be a big no no for detectives.
Detective Voller starts sipping on it, but
at least Detective Kranz has the brains to
refuse it.
Sweet mother of god, they spent this whole
time screaming when a fucking scalpel was
right next to them.
If I was Lindsay, I'd probably want to get
the scalpel and cut Katsuro’s ass from my
face so I could have a chance at fighting
on my own, and without Lindsay attached to
his ass katsuro could better fight Heiter
too.
I say this, but it would be absurdly painful.
I think I'd at least try given the situation.
I’m not sure they have a ton of time to
do this, so having Katsuro palm the scalpel
and ambush Heiter is the best option.
The police question him about his cellar,
and the he jokes about it being a torture
chamber.
That’s always a good thing to say to cops
when being questioned about recent abductions.
The detectives ask to take a look down there,
but Heiter refuses, saying they need a search
warrant first.
Detective Kranz presses him further, and Heiter
accidentally drops a syringe on the ground.
Supposedly for his Diabetes.
By now we’ve clearly established that the
surgeon is a psycho who doesn’t give a fuck
about people going missing, witnesses saying
they’ve heard American women screaming on
his property, which match the profile of 2
of the people who went missing, his car was
spotted next to the location of the truck
whose driver was abducted, a large suspicious
cage with blood on it, incredibly weird pictures
and art, a cellar which the violent suspect
refuses to let you into.
Oh and he was hiding a syringe under a towel
which is filled with god knows what.
I don’t know German law, or law in general,
but I’d think they have sufficient probable
cause to easily get a search warrant.
Which they do.
I’d also call for some additional backup
considering he’s been pretty volatile.
While the cops are out getting a search warrant,
Heiter goes back downstairs to try and hide
his human triplet.
Tall task with only 20 minutes before they’re
back.
Guys what the fuck, you had him.
Why would you not finish the job.
A shank to the leg and a bite on the neck
is nowhere near lethal.
How hard is it to pull the scalpel out of
his leg and slice his jugular and shove it
into his heart.
Wouldn’t you want to ensure that he’s
100% dead for what he did to you, and so he
couldn’t come back after you.
Surprise surprise, Heiter’s not dead and
corners them in the bedroom.
Just when you think you’re going to see
a human centipede versus Heiter knife-fight,
Katsuro gives up.
He has some sort of epiphany that his ass
being sewed to someone else’s face was God’s
wrath for living a selfish life and not loving
his family more.
So he kills himself.
Because that makes sense.
You know what’s selfish, not killing this
guy and freeing the two innocent people trapped
behind you, condemning them to death because
you wanted to commit seppuku to rid yourself
of sin.
You could have at least tried to save their
lives and take this evil fuck down before
committing suicide.
The doc leaves the triplet and crawls back
over to the pool as the police break in and
search the place.
Looks like they didn’t call for backup.
Detective Voller should have been feeling
the effects of the drugs by now.
At which point he should have let his partner
know so they could call off the raid and get
backup.
Voller didn’t communicate this and tried
to push through the effects, and wound up
dead in the pool with a scalpel in his neck.
Kranz hears the fall into the pool, rushes
in halfcocked, and gets lit up.
I never understood why when people open a
door and see a dead body, the rush right over
to it.
Wouldn’t that make you take a pause and
carefully clear the area, checking all your
corners.
Obviously the wounded man who killed your
friend is still down here and is still a threat,
so hastily running in there would likely get
you killed too.
At least he dome-shotted Heiter before he
keeled over.
The movie ends with Lindsay stuck in the middle
of a dead Katsuro and a dead Jenny, with two
dead cops and a dead Heiter in the pool.
We can presume that Lindsay was later found
by other cops who went looking after the missing
detectives, and they brought her to a hospital
where a surgeon separated her from the rest
of the human centipede.
She then would go on to get plastic surgery
to fix her face, as well as operations to
replace the ligaments in her kneecaps and
her teeth, paid for by Dr. Heiter’s money.
Isn’t it amazing that nowadays you could
get brutally disfigured, I mean utterly rekted,
and there’s a building you can go to with
people in it who have the tools and expertise
to fix all the damage done to you.
It’s honestly incredible.
She won’t be winning any beauty pageants
and she’ll have to lower her dating standards
substantially, but at least she could live
a semi normal life, maybe get a book deal
and make some talk show appearances until
she later decides to kill herself due to the
overwhelming survivors guilt and PTSD.
Let’s recap who would have lived or died
with some different decisions.
Firstly, I want to say RIP to Dieter Laser,
who passed away last year.
No, I’m not going to put Dieter Laser on
the Dead board, that would be senseless.
Guys, I'm actually a fairly empathetic person.
But back to the movie.
The trucker was dead no matter what.
Lindsay and Jenny should have stayed in their
car or walked along the road for help.
Which would have prevented all of this.
But, Heiter could have picked them up like
he did with Katsuro and the truck driver,
so what then?
There was a pivotal moment when Lindsay could
have dialed 112 and escaped out the back window
and gotten help from the police, but instead
tried to drag her unconscious friend out too.
She could have saved Jenny and Katsuro’s
lives, prevented the detective’s deaths,
and landed Heiter in prison.
The next pivotal moment was when Katsuro stabbed
Heiter with the scalpel and then they left
him alive.
If they had just ensured Heiter was dead,
Katsuro and Jenny might have lived, as well
as the cops.
All said and done, I think we could have beaten
the EVIL SURGEON from HUMAN CENTIPEDE.
Thanks for watching, and remember, don’t
ask strangers for help without having a plan
to kill them.